Add Data Donation markdown file (#155)
asreview/systematic-review-datasets: Data Donation.md

> ### Adding SYNERGY datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding datasets to SYNERGY Plus
```

Do you want to help us make SYNERGY even bigger?\

> Read on to find how you can do just that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read on to find out how you can do just that!
```

> We are we looking for:\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for:\
```

> Systematic reviews, scoping reviews or meta-analysis for which the data is or can be published online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Systematic reviews, scoping reviews, or meta-analyses for which the data is or can be published online.
```

Let us know where we can find your paper and data using [this](https://forms.gle/Heu8x5jc43Ubja6U6) form!

### But what is "data"?

> Below is a snapshot of the type of data we are talking about, it contains:\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With data, we refer to the meta-data of the papers that have been screened during the labeling process, and it contains:\
```

	✔️ A list of the papers that were found during the search\

> 	✔️ Identifiers for the papers like doi, pubmed id and title/year.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	✔️ Identifiers for the papers like a DOI or PubMed id's.\
```

> 	✔️ A label indicating if the paper was included during the full-text screening\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	✔️ A label indicating if the paper was included during the full-text screening.\
```

> 	❓ Optionally, a label indicating if the paper was included during the title/abstract screening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	❓ Optionally, a label indicating if the paper was included during the title/abstract screening.
```

### What else is required?

> ✔️ The review or analysis should be published in a peer-reviewed journal.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✔️ The review or meta-analysis should be published in a peer-reviewed journal.\
```

> ✔️ The data should be published on an online data repository like Zenodo or OSF. These are both examples that are free of charge.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✔️ The meta-data should be published on a persistent data repository, like Zenodo or OSF. \
```

> ✔️ A permissive license should be added to the data, like CC-By or CC-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✔️ A permissive license should be added to the data, like CC-By or CC-0.
```

### Some tips / good to know:

> - Reference managers like Zotero, EndNote and Mendeley often have nice export functions to create this data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reference managers like Zotero, EndNote, and Mendeley often have nice export functions to create files that can be put in a data repository.
```

> - More data is always welcome, we simply take what we need from it 😃.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
